In this video, you will learn to
describe what is meant by
an IT governance process,
what components are involved
and why it is important.
We have the things
that are part of
our organization to put our
something good to have.
Good to understand and well,
it's good to have but
in most of the cases,
aren't necessarily to have.
We have strategic
and tactic plans.
That plans which set
all the direction of
the organization or the structure
of each of the departments.
Each department will try to
obtain the goals using
the strategic plan,
because the strategic plan
will tell you what
is the cause of the company.
If the company wants
to grow for example
20 percent in the next two years
selling computers, well,
probably older departments
inside our company needs to
focus their efforts to
accomplish that strategic goal.
The tactic plans are how could
we accomplish the strategic part.
So those two plans
are hand by hand.
So that's also important
to understand.
Policies are actually
pretty important.
You will need to have
a policy to set the baseline,
to set the structure of
buses that you want to have.
So for example, here
is a quick sample.
You have your business internet
access for your users.
So first thing that
you have to have or
you need to have
actually, is the policy.
How the users will
access the internet,
what their users can do and
cannot do on their internet.
So a user Internet
policy should be in
place for let the users know
what they cannot do
and what they can do.
Now there is a procedure,
a procedure is for example what
a new user should do
in-order to have internet.
So it doesn't matter
at this point.
For example, you need a
procedure if the users can't go
to a sports website
and watch a game.
But the procedure,
this scenario will allow
the user to request
internet access to
the IT expert for example.
As soon as the user has
perhaps internet access,
the user will probably
prompt to read
the Internet usage
policy and the user
will need to accept the policy in
order to get internet access.
That's something that we
normally use or we normally
experiment on the public
internet access locations.
So for example if
you go to Starbucks
and your are trying
to use the Internet
access from Starbucks,
as soon as you connect
to your Wi-Fi network,
you will receive a captive portal
with a lot of information,
a lot of data that
says in other words that
all the information,
all the data that you
are going to send using
that Wi-Fi connection will
not have any responsible
of responsibility in that.
So that's a quick example
of what is a policy and
what is a procedure.
The procedure is again,
the process that you need to
follow in order to
have something,
in order to perform something.
The policy is simply
the rules that you will
need to understand,
that you will need to accept to
start using your computer,
your Internet, your device.
Governance, governance
is the understanding
of all the different parts
of the organization
with one unique goal.
So for example, copied
is a good framework
that allows your
company to improve
their IT governance into
your organization because
all the different parts of
your organization will
talk the same language.
So for example, if somebody in
accounting needs a modification
on the payroll system
because they fund a buck,
they know that if they want
a modification in
the system they will need
to therefore go to
their internet and
create ticket number,
create an incident case.
That incident will go
to the IPA staff and
the IPA staff will
prioritize the incident into
the queue to be treated
by the experts,
that's something actually
pretty centered.
But everything that I mentioned,
it's part of the IT
governance process.
That may correspond to
a change management process,
to a delivery and support
process from your IPA staff.
That's a good example of how
your accounting department that
probably doesn't have anything
to do with technology,
needs to understand and talk
the same language that your
IT department in order to
all departments have
the same goals.